<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
     xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
     xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
     xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
     xmlns:ice="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/components">

   <h:panelGroup id="panelsplash">
<p>
The ICEfaces Advanced Components are next-generation ICEfaces components, based on the all-new Advanced Component Evironment (ACE) component development platform.
</p>
<p>
Key features of the Advanced Components include:
</p>
<ul>
<li>Provide the abilty to leverage powerful JavaScript components while shielding ICEfaces application developers from having to learn/use JavaScript directly.</li>
<br/>
<li>Support client-side functionality to improve component richness, responsiveness, and scalability.</li>
<br/>
<li>Support complete flexibilty in how forms are used with respect to container components, such as TabSet. TabSet allows the use of multiple forms as required, with no limitation that all tabPanes be included in the same form as the tabSet itself.</li> 
<br/>
<li>Provide a flexible and consistent approach to UI theming/skinning across all components.</li>
<br/>
<li>Provide support for W3C ARIA accessibility features in all applicable components, including keyboard navigation.</li>
<br/>
</ul>
<p>The Advanced Components are authored using the ICEfaces Advanced Component Evironment, which implements a consistent approach to component authoring, meta-data management, and automates common component development tasks and optimizations.
</p>
   </h:panelGroup>
</ui:composition>
