<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
  ~ Version: MPL 1.1
  ~
  ~ The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License
  ~ Version 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in
  ~ compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~ http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/
  ~
  ~ Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS"
  ~ basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under
  ~ the License.
  ~
  ~ The Original Code is ICEfaces 1.5 open source software code, released
  ~ November 5, 2006. The Initial Developer of the Original Code is ICEsoft
  ~ Technologies Canada, Corp. Portions created by ICEsoft are Copyright (C)
  ~ 2004-2011 ICEsoft Technologies Canada, Corp. All Rights Reserved.
  ~
  ~ Contributor(s): _____________________.
  -->

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
     xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
     xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
     xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
     xmlns:ice="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/components">

   <h:panelGroup id="panelsplash">
<p>
The ICEfaces Advanced Components are next-generation ICEfaces components, based on the all-new Advanced Component Evironment (ACE) component development platform.
</p>
<p>
Key features of the Advanced Components include:
</p>
<ul>
<li>Provide the abilty to leverage powerful JavaScript components while shielding ICEfaces application developers from having to learn/use JavaScript directly.</li>
<br/>
<li>Support client-side functionality to improve component richness, responsiveness, and scalability.</li>
<br/>
<li>Support complete flexibilty in how forms are used with respect to container components, such as TabSet. TabSet allows the use of multiple forms as required, with no limitation that all tabPanes be included in the same form as the tabSet itself.</li> 
<br/>
<li>Provide a flexible and consistent approach to UI theming/skinning across all components.</li>
<br/>
<li>Provide support for W3C ARIA accessibility features in all applicable components, including keyboard navigation.</li>
<br/>
</ul>
<p>The Advanced Components are authored using the ICEfaces Advanced Component Evironment, which implements a consistent approach to component authoring, meta-data management, and automates common component development tasks and optimizations.
</p>
   </h:panelGroup>
</ui:composition>
