<?xml version="1.0"?>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" 
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" 
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" 
    xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core" 
    xmlns:ace="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/components" 
    xmlns:ice="http://www.icesoft.com/icefaces/component" 
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" 
    template="/resources/templates/content-template.xhtml">
    
    <ui:param name="title" value="#{msgs[collapsible.title]}"/>
    <ui:param name="description" value="#{msgs[collapsible.description]}"/>
    <ui:param name="resourceValue" value="#{collapsible.exampleResource}"/>
    
    <ui:define name="example">
        <p><b>Demo Use Cases:</b></p>
        <p><b>1.</b> Click to expand/contract the "ICEfaces Ajax Push" collapsible header.</p>
        <p>The collapsible component provides a simple way to implement the common use case of a rendered/unrendered area on the page.</p>
        <p>Styling of the header can be customized, as can the label and images used.</p>
        <br/>
    
        <h:form>
            <ice:panelCollapsible expanded="#{collapsibleExpanded.expanded}">
                <f:facet name="header">
                    <h2>ICEfaces Ajax Push</h2>
                </f:facet>
                <h3>Definition</h3>
                <p>Ajax Push allows the application to incrementally update any part of the page at any time, for any group of clients. This is a small change in terms of the technical capabilities of Ajax applications, but it is a revolutionary change in terms of what applications can actually provide to users. Ajax Push is the key to building collaborative multi-user applications for the web.</p>
                
                <h3>Programming Model</h3>
                
                <p>Ajax Push can be added to an application with just two lines of code.</p>
                <p>The org.icefaces.application.PushRenderer pushes page updates to groups of pages. To cause all pages in "someGroup" to be updated with the current server state, call:</p>
                <pre>PushRenderer.render("someGroup");</pre>
                <p>The easiest way to assemble push groups is to push updates to all pages in a user's session using:</p>
                <pre>PushRenderer.addCurrentSession("someGroup");</pre>
                <p>To distinguish between individual pages in a session, use:</p>
                <pre>PushRenderer.addCurrentView("someGroup");</pre>
                
                <p>It really is as simple as that to add real-time collaboration to your JSF application.</p>
            </ice:panelCollapsible>
        </h:form>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
