<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html
        xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
        xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
        xmlns:mobi="http://www.icesoft.com/icefaces/mobile/component"
        xmlns:ace="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/components"
        >
<h:head>
    <title>ICEfaces 3</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="test.css"/>

</h:head>
<h:body>
    <h2><b>ICEsoft’s Point-Me Demo</b></h2>

    <p>Description:  Point-Me is a hybrid application built by ICEsoft.  The application leverages web-based Google Map functionality and device based compass and camera capabilities to “point” users at target destinations through an augmented reality experience.  While the demo is viewable from desktop machines, its full capabilities are best experienced from a mobile device.</p>

    <ol>
    <li><b>Go to the device app store:</b>  The Point-Me application relies on functionality available on the various app stores in order to leverage advanced device capabilities.  Interested viewers should go to:
    <br/>
    Apple App Store to download the <a href="http://itunes.apple.com/ph/app/icemobile-sx/id485908934?mt=8">free ICEsoft-SX application</a>.
    <br/>
    Google Play to download the <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.icemobile.client.android">free ICEmobile application</a>.
    <br/>
    Blackberry App World to download the <a href="http://appworld.blackberry.com/webstore/content/59555/">free ICEmobile Application</a>.</li>

    <li><b>Start the application:</b>  Press the “Load Application” button in the top right of the screen to initialize the application.  Follow the instructions on the screen to enable the application to access and utilize your current location.</li>

    <li><b>Enter destination:</b>  The displayed map should center its positioning on your current location.  Select the search field in the top left of the display to capture a target destination.  You can select cities, addresses, establishments etc.  Auto complete functionality will assist you in identifying and entering your target destination.</li>

    <li><b>Point Me:</b> Press the “Point Me” button in the top right of the display.  The device camera view finder will be turned on with an overlay image that will illustrate direction and distance to your destination.  Holding the device in a vertical orientation, pan the device around in a 360 degree circle until the target direction is identified.  Distance to target is measured in kilometers for anything over 1 kilometer and is reported in meters for distances below 1 kilometer.  Note 1:  Directional location is determined based on the “compass” features located in the device.  It may be necessary to calibrate the device compass in order to get accurate directional information.  In such a case please follow the compass calibration instructions associated with your particular mobile device.   Note 2: Device compasses can be influenced by the presence of local metal or magnetic fields.  Best results may be obtained away from these interactions.</li>

    <li><b>Return to search screen:</b>  To return to the map mode and to access another destination search, push the cancel icon located on the bottom right side of the screen.</li>
    </ol>
<p><a href="gMapMobileDemo.xhtml">Back</a></p>
</h:body>
</html>