<?xml version="1.0"?>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" 
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" 
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" 
    xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core" 
    xmlns:ace="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/components" 
    xmlns:ice="http://www.icesoft.com/icefaces/component" 
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" 
    template="/resources/templates/content-template.xhtml">
    
    <ui:param name="title" value="#{msgs[border.title]}"/>
    <ui:param name="description" value="#{msgs[border.description]}"/>
    <ui:param name="resourceValue" value="#{border.exampleResource}"/>
    
    <ui:define name="example">
        <p><b>Demo Use Cases:</b></p>
        <p><b>1.</b> Observe the organization and structure of the page created with the border layout component.</p>
        <p>The border layout component allows a developer to easily format a page without existing CSS or table knowledge.</p>
        <p>Simply define content for the different facets on the page and the border layout will create a common looking page.</p>
        <p>Each facet can be customized or hidden as needed.</p>
        <br/>
    
        <h:form>
            <ice:panelBorder styleClass="borderNoBold borderLeft">
                <f:facet name="north">
                    <h:graphicImage library="css/images" name="header.png"/>
                    Here is some header info in the North facet
                </f:facet>
                
                <f:facet name="east">
                    East Facet
                </f:facet>

                <f:facet name="south">
                    Example footer in the South facet
                </f:facet>

                <f:facet name="west">
                    Simulated Menu Links
                    <ul>
                        <li><a href="http://www.google.com/" target="_blank">http://www.google.com</a></li>
                        <li><a href="http://www.yahoo.com/" target="_blank">http://www.yahoo.com</a></li>
                        <li><a href="http://www.bing.com/" target="_blank">http://www.bing.com</a></li>
                        <li><a href="http://www.ask.com/" target="_blank">http://www.ask.com</a></li>
                    </ul>
                    West Facet
                </f:facet>

                <f:facet name="center">
                    <p>Simulated content in the Center facet.</p>
                    <br/>
                    <p>ICEfaces 2 is an open-source Rich Internet Application (RIA) development framework based on the JavaServer Faces (JSF) 2 standard. Like its predecessor, ICEfaces 1.8, ICEfaces 2 extends JSF to simplify development and enhance the standard JSF feature set - simultaneously improving developer efficiency and expanding the spectrum of RIA capabilities that can be included in any JSF-based web application.</p>
                    <p>Adhering closely to the standard JSF 2 extension points allows ICEfaces to work transparently with the stock JSF framework, simplifying integration and fostering 3rd party compatibility with other JSF 2-compliant libraries.</p>
                </f:facet>
            </ice:panelBorder>
        </h:form>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
